Docs: Clarinet troubleshooting guides - Added a step for Clarinet integrate command (#229)
hirosystems/docs: docs/clarinet/troubleshooting.md

6. Restart your shell/VSCode.

If you did not install Clarinet to your default directory, you would need to modify the path so that Clarinet points to the correct directory. 

## I am unable to start Devnet though my Docker is running.

When you run the `Clarinet integrate` command, you might experience the error: "unable to start Devnet: make sure that Docker is installed on this machine and running."

> You can resolve the issue by creating a symlink of the docker.sock file. To do that, In your terminal, navigate to your Clarinet project directory and run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can resolve the issue by creating a symlink of the `docker.sock` file. To create this symlink, in your terminal, navigate to your Clarinet project directory and run the following command:
```

`sudo ln -s /Users/<your-username>/.docker/run/docker.sock /var/run/docker.sock` 

> Now, run the command `clarinet integrate` to see the Devnet up and run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, run the command `clarinet integrate` to see the Devnet up and running.
```
